Now that we have created numeric variables of all of our features,
we can train our first machine learning algorithms.
First, we will take a look at supervised
algorithms that we have a labeled training data set.
Whether we have a classification or a regression task,
depends on the labels.
If the labels represent categories, for example,
users who have upgraded versus users who downgraded,
we have a classification problem where we need to
predict the most likely of the predefined set of outcomes.
If our labels are continuous values, for example,
how many songs a particular user listens to on a given day,
we have a regression problem.
Let's start with classification.
Spark supports the most common algorithms for
binary and multi class classification such as logistic regression,
random forest, gradient boosted trees,
support vector machines, and Naive Bayes.
For regression, Spark has built-in methods
for linear and generalized linear regression,
and different tree based regressions.
All these algorithms have detailed documentation
where you can find out more about their parameters.
If you would like to transfer some quotes from that say scikit-learn,
you need to be careful making sure that the parameters have the same interpretation.
Even then, you might see some performance differences due to
the differences of loss optimizer implementations across different tools.